



Summary


5+ years of experience specializing in: Business Operations, Financial Analysis, Planning and Reporting in Both Private and Public Sectors. Positive Management/Dual Goal Expectations within Multiple Projects. Extensive Knowledge of Managerial Techniques, Accounting Principles and Corporate Procedures.


Highlights
 Strong Team Organization, Management Ability
 Expert in Fast Pace Environment
 Skilled in Accounting Principles, Descriptive Statistics and Analytical Reasoning
 Evaluate Cost-Benefit, Time Series, Forecasts, Cost Benefit & Financial Statements
 Design/Assess Operations Management Plan & Variance Analysis
 Confident Public Speaker, Presentation Skills
 SAP ERP, Excel, Oracle, SFDC, SPSS, Hyperion, Intuit, SAS, MegaStat Specialist
 Development of Multiple Reporting Methods Measuring Effectiveness and Efficiency
 Continuing Practice of GAAP and GAAS


Professional Experience

Operations Manager- 5yrs.
Coast VBC

 Managed over 20 projects ranging from $65k to $1.8M with Multiple Teams up to 50 personnel
 Increased Operating Budget to Over $3 million of Coast VBC Services, Networking & Marketing Portfolio
 Streamlined Business Operations and Financial Objectives and Procedures Across Organization
 Design and Apply Company Policy and Training Techniques
 Recruit and Negotiate Vendor Relationships, Employees
 Execute Merger with Local Boys and Girls Club
 Amplified Consumer Recognition by Project Analysis & Statistical Evaluation to over 300% Company Growth
 One of Top 5 Programs in California for Children.

Team Operations Analyst- 2yrs
Boys and Girls Club of San Diego (Coast VBC)

 Slashed Internal Operations Cost by 28% with Continuing Advancement and Product Visibility
 Identified Accounting & Operational Inefficiencies Leading to Positive Outcomes
 Modernized Relationships with B&Gs Members Advancing Budget Donations to over $1.5 million in 1 Year
 Collaborate with Leadership Teams to Review, Manage and Assess Organization Future Enhancements
 Generated Quarterly Lectures Illustrating Business Performance and Goals


Associate Administrator- 3yrs
Stanford University- Dept. of Medicine

 Developed Interpersonal and Professional Medical Skills and Terminology with Medical Staff at Stanford University
 Relished in Fast-pace Environment, Demanding Time-Sensitive Projects and Management Skills for Surgical Prospectives.
 Coordinated with Medical Staff to Develop Procedures for Clinical Trials
 Productively Enhance Assistive Resources for Stanford University Instructors
 Modernize Curriculum for Incoming International Ophthalmology Certification Program

Professional Volleyball Player and Coach- 12yrs

 Gold Medal Volleyball Player and Coach with Ability to Perform Under Extreme Pressure and Fast Pace Environment.
 Overall Goals and Beliefs: Sacrifice Personal Achievements for Team Success
 Proficient Applying New Concepts and Adaptation
 Ability to Adjust Technical Methods or Strategy Rapidly with a High Level of Success
 Converse Ideas with Clarity and Positive Energy
 Player of the Year
 3 time Coach of the Year


Education


MBA- Finance, University of Arizona, Phoenix (Graduate: Jan. 2017)
 Completed Internship Experience- Operational restructuring for a public service organization to improve efficiency and drive out cost. Worked with team to develop cost efficient improvements that generated nearly $4M in savings.

BS- San Diego State University
 Internship- Orchestrate multifaceted projects with all 3 Universities in San Diego involving technology conversion program and client operations. Leader of 5 teams ranging from 8-24 in personnel. Trained incoming staff and users of technology products.
 Sports Medicine Internship- 2 years


Certifications and Awards

          Scholar Athlete Award
          CAP 3 USA Volleyball
          Impact Certified Athletic Trainer
          CPR, First Aid
          California Interscholastic Sportsmanship Award


Additional Information

          Assistant Coach at Stanford University (NCAA Champions 2010) Mens and Womens Volleyball Team
          Assist Student-Athletes with the process of Recruiting and becoming an NCAA Student Athlete
          Volunteer with Norsled- Rescue retired Husky and Malamute dogs sled dog race breeds
          Continuing Education: Negotiation Tactics