 (e-mail)

John M. Porta, CPA

Summary
Financial executive with over 30 years of experience, including 8 years with a Big 4 firm, and a proven
track record of managing all financial and administrative matters and guiding businesses through periods
of rapid growth and change. Hands-on, detail oriented manager with an entrepreneurial spirit and big
picture perspective. Diversified industry experiences include business services, start-up technology,
SaaS providers, private equity investors, wholesale distribution, real estate operators, and non-profit
entities. Extensive experience with:
      Mergers and acquisitions                            Management and external reporting
      Private debt and equity financing                   Strategic planning and budgeting
      Board, stockholder and lender relations             Procedures and controls management
      Financial reporting systems (Microsoft              Efficiency/cost saving analysis
         Dynamics Great Plains; QuickBooks)

Professional Experience
2012 to present         Accounting Management Solutions, Inc.              New York, NY
AMS is a professional services firm providing outsourced accounting services.
Senior Consultant
 Responsible for providing part-time, outsourced Controller services, including financial reporting,
   budgeting and debt covenant analysis, and maintaining strong client relationships.
 Served over one dozen clients, primarily consisting of early stage technology companies (SaaS
   providers, mapping technology developer, data analytics software developer, fashion and style
   website, and events and ticket website and mobile application). Also served established companies
   (international executive recruiting, yoga studio, and non-profit organization).
 Provided outsourced accounting services and served as an advisor for an accelerator program
   consisting of multiple investment funds focused on start-up technology companies.

2012 to present            M.E. Zukerman & Company                        New York, NY
MEZCo is a private investment firm with diversified holdings in domestic and international energy
suppliers, agriculture, livestock, publishing and luxury yacht rental.
Consultant
 Provide part-time, outsourced Controller services for the management company and several holding
   company subsidiaries.

2005 to 2013             Nationwide Communications LLC                   Parsippany, NJ
Nationwide is a privately-owned sales agent for major telecommunication carriers.
Chief Financial Officer
 Responsible for all accounting functions, financial reporting, management reports, payroll and
    benefits administration, human resources and insurance management.
 Upgraded the financial reporting system from QuickBooks to Microsoft Dynamics (Great Plains),
    created customized reports utilizing FRx report writer, and developed a detailed budget program
    using Excel.
 Created detailed databases and reports using Excel Pivot Tables to monitor client billings,
    commission revenues, and sales agent commissions.
John M. Porta, CPA                                                                          page 2


2002 to 2008             First Index, Inc.                                Whippany, NJ
First Index was a private equity owned provider of information services and bid management software for
industrial machine and custom parts manufacturers.
Chief Financial Officer  2002 to 2005; Consultant  2006 to 2008
 Responsible for all finance functions, consolidated financial reporting and management and external
    financial reports and analyses, including BOD and investor presentations.
 Upgraded the financial reporting system (Great Plains), created custom reports utilizing FRx report
    writer and SmartList tools, and developed a detailed, consolidating budget program using Excel.
 Implemented cost savings programs, including a revised sales department commission structure.
 Implemented billing and collection procedures that helped reduce bad debt expense by 25%.
 Provided leadership to turn around operations from a negative cash flow and negative EBITDA in
    2002 to a positive cash flow and positive EBITDA in 2003.
 Secured a $750,000 working capital line of credit with favorable terms from a traditional bank.

2003 to 2005            Debt Resolve, Inc.                               White Plains, NY
Debt Resolve provides an internet-based system for the settlement of credit card and consumer debt.
Chief Financial Officer  2003 to 2004; Consultant - 2005
 Responsible for all financial reporting and accounting functions, including SEC filings and BOD
   presentations.

1999 to 2002              NCO Group, Inc.                                  Ramsey, NJ
NCO (formerly NASDAQ: NCOG) is one of the world's largest debt collection agencies.
Vice President and Divisional Chief Financial Officer
 Responsible for all financial reporting and accounting functions for the Technology-based
    Outsourcing division (formerly JDR), including divisional MD&A incorporated in the parent's 10K and
    10Q reports filed with the SEC.
 Integrated reporting for two acquired businesses and coordinated post-merger activities, including the
    migration of certain functions to the corporate shared services division.

1993 to 1999              JDR Holdings, Inc.                               Ramsey, NJ
JDR was a private equity owned provider of business services, including accounts receivable
management, telemarketing, and sales of telecommunication products and services. JDR had seven call
centers with over 1,200 employees. In 1999, NCO acquired JDR in a $125 million pooling of interests
transaction.
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 Managed financial operations during a period of rapid growth  revenues increased from $12 million
    to $60 million and EBITDA margins increased from 10% to 22%.
 Created and built the finance department; designed and installed the companys first computerized
    financial reporting system (Great Plains); and designed programs to integrate operational software
    data into the financial reporting system.
 Created segment and department structures and customized reports to monitor and measure
    significant operating performance factors.
 Prepared all financial reports, including BOD presentations and debt covenant compliance reports.
 Developed standard pricing and cost models for new client proposals and presentations.
 Designed and implemented budget programs and procedures and prepared annual budgets.
 Managed finance functions under constrained liquidity following a highly leveraged buyout in 1993.
 Worked extensively with investment bankers, auditors and attorneys on a transaction consisting of
    the simultaneous acquisition of three businesses, the buyout of institutional investors, and the private
    placement of debt and equity securities in a $30 million capital reorganization consummated in 1997.
 Worked extensively with auditors, attorneys, and investors on the acquisition transaction with NCO.
John M. Porta, CPA                                                                      page3


1990 to 1993            Pembroke Development Corporation                 New York, NY
Pembroke is a private investment firm. Portfolio companies included manufacturers, distributors, and
business service providers with revenues ranging from $10 million to $50 million. In 1993, Pembroke
structured and sponsored the $8 million acquisition of JDR.
Vice President
 Worked with two other principals identifying and evaluating investment opportunities.
 Performed due diligence procedures, structured acquisition proposals, and prepared letters of intent,
    offering memoranda, and financial pricing models and projections.
 Monitored the financial performance of portfolio companies and analyzed compliance with debt
    covenants and financial projections.
 Maintained relationships with investors, lenders, auditors, and business brokers.

1989 to 1990            Angelini Pharmaceuticals, Inc.                     River Edge, NJ
Angelini was a wholly owned subsidiary of a European, privately owned pharmaceutical and consumer
products company. Activities in the U.S. included the coordination of clinical trial studies of
pharmaceutical products developed by the parent company.
Chief Financial Officer
 Complete hands-on responsibilities for all financial, accounting, and tax matters.
 Developed and implemented project costing procedures and internal accounting and administrative
    control procedures.
 Planned and monitored cash flows and investments.
 Prepared financial statements, cash flow analyses, and the annual budget.

1981 to 1989            Price Waterhouse                                  New York, NY
PW is an international public accounting firm, currently known as PricewaterhouseCoopers, L.L.P.
Senior Manager
 Reported directly to partners and responsible for the overall management of two dozen client audit
   engagements.
 Clients primarily consisted of medium sized, growth oriented companies in various stages of
   development and with various degrees of financial reporting sophistication. Diversified industry
   experiences included wholesale distribution, import/export traders, apparel manufacturers,
   commercial real estate developers and operators, advertising and public relations agencies,
   independent power generation, and non-profit organizations. Experiences included SEC reporting,
   acquisitions, and internal control reviews.
 Prepared and managed the audit plan, budget and staffing requirements, monitored and reviewed all
   audit work, and supervised senior and staff accountants.
 Prepared audit reports, including financial statements, internal control recommendations, audit
   committee and board of directors reports, and audit summary memoranda.
 Identified, researched, and prepared reports on complex accounting and auditing issues.

Education
1977 to 1981          Lehigh University                               Bethlehem, PA
 Degree: Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics
 Major: Accounting
 Activities and awards: Beta Alpha Psi, Deans list, freshman and sophomore honors, Inter-fraternity
   Council sophomore scholarship winner, Theta Chi Fraternity  Treasurer, Fraternity Management
   Association  Chairman

Professional Status
Certified Public Accountant. Member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the
New York Society of Certified Public Accountants.