


COST ACCOUNTANT

Accomplished manufacturing accounting professional with over 21 years of demonstrated expertise in cost accounting and financial activity management reporting for largest plant facility globally.  Consistently delivers efficient and timely results and known for accuracy and attention to detail.  Superior analytical, organizational, and communication skills.  Highly motivated individual able to work in dynamic environment.


Budgeting & Planning  Inventory Management  Financial Reporting
Profit & Loss Analysis  General Ledger  Accounts Payable
 Fixed Asset Management  Bank Reconciling  Month-end Closing Management


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DELFINGEN INC., Rochester Hills, Michigan  1998 - Present

Plant Accountant
Responsible for management of financial systems including full balance sheet, P&L and cash flow statements.  Provide support to Plant Manager and Plant Controller in the maintenance of monthly closing process, financial reporting and analysis, internal control, cost avoidance/budget compliance, as well as other special requests or projects.  Interact closely with sales, purchasing, and warehouse operations to ensure the plants financial needs are being met.

Key Tasks & Accomplishments:
 Assist in performing monthly financial close process
 Manage accounts payables
 Manage and reconcile monthly bank statements and borrowing base
 Prepare quarterly tax returns for warehousing distributor
 Maintenance of fixed assets, capital expenditures, and related reporting
 Development and analysis of annual budgets and forecasts
 Verify inventory costs/bill of materials and calculation of month end inventory and cost of goods sold

MSX INTERNATIONAL, Auburn Hills, Michigan  1998-1998

Accounts Payable Specialist
Responsible for bill payment and delivery of accurate and legitimate invoices.  Provided technical support to the Controller in the maintenance of all Accounts Payables monthly functions and other related projects as assigned.  Cultivated mutually beneficial supplier relationships as well as ensuring customers were billed in a timely fashion.  Interacted closely with programmers and technical personal on data uploads and downloads.

Key Tasks & Accomplishments:
 Process weekly check runs
 Complete check requests and process expense reports
 Troubleshoot/reconcile month end entries and discrepancies
 Process wire transfers and international invoices
 Resolve issues related with customers and suppliers
 Provide data for monthly customer audits and other external audits


LYNN E. AMARO  Page 2  lmartin91@yahoo.com


HIGHLAND MANAGEMENT, Southfield,  1994-1998

Accounting Assistant
Performed all phases of accounting functions.  Provided support to the Accounting Supervisor.  Worked closely with Payroll and Legal personal.

Key Tasks & Accomplishments:
 Managed accounts payable and collections
 Prepared bank deposits and transfer of funds/wire transfers
 Compiled data and prepared month end close reporting
 Analyzed data, resolved issues and investigated root cause
 Performed analysis of budget and forecasting process


EDUCATION

Bachelor of Business Administration, Accounting · Anticipated 2017
Walsh College, Troy, MI

Associate of Business Administration, Accounting · 2011
Macomb Community College, Clinton Twp., Michigan


CERTIFICATION

Michigan Notary Public