
Professional Career Website: www.linkedin.com


PROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGER
Technology Integration ~ Enterprise Solutions ~ Certified Six Sigma Yellow Belt, TQM, ITIL

Performance focused IT Executive credited with designing innovative technology products and solutions resulting in significant cost savings and revenue generation. Offering 20+ years of expertise driving global operations for IT Infrastructure Planning and Applications Development within financial services and technology sectors. Demonstrated success implementing information solutions with a focus on technologies and business linkage. Keen ability to identify business process/capability gaps and implement best fit technology solutions. Areas of Expertise Include:

Infrastructure Management  Vendor Management  Continuity Planning Implementation  Organization & Staff Development  IT Governance  Process Reengineering  Security Technology Strategy  Cost Containment  Business Process Optimization  Systems Integration  Multi-Project Management  Client/Server Management  Budget/Financial Management


Key Achievements
 Constructed and decommissioned multiple disparate co-locations and data centers resulting in a $1.5 million reoccurring cost savings. Consolidated multiple, information technology groups into a single global organization over 2 years, resulting in more than $2 million in savings, while continuing high levels of support for 150,000 enterprise employees and 250,000 devices.
 Attained Six Sigma Yellow belt, TQM and ITIL Certifications, eliminating $1M annually in excess hardware expense without sacrificing performance or stability.
 Consistently delivered multiple projects on time and under budget through effective utilization of resources and demand reporting tools resulting in better alignment of staff to business initiatives, and savings of more than $600,000 annually.
 Reduction in distributed computing Total Cost of Ownership through redesign and standardization of 250,000+ devices worldwide. Resulting in lower support calls, security risk, change management and application certification and delivery.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Bank of America / Merrill Lynch dba AT&T subcontracted from MPL Systems now HP 	2009-2013
Project Management/Site Support Manager, Implementations Analyst
Lead project management, manage consistent distribution of IT services, technology commerce, and transformation migration. Negotiate and manage service delivery contracts with third party affiliates, networking and service companies.
Key Achievements:
 Within a 6 month period, helped decommission third party co-location and drive project delivery to save more then $60,000 a month, while supporting the major imitative of transforming and migrating data centers between corporations.
 Within a 23 month period, helped with the transformation and migration of the EMEA sector through project delivery to save HP and Client monthly costs of supporting two different network strateigies, while supporting the major imitative of transforming and migrating branches and data centers between corporations.

Savvis Communications  Jersey City, New Jersey	2007-2009
Program/Project Manager
Provided leadership and oversight for creating, developing, and delivering IT Strategy for new co-locations, with emphasis on carbon foot print reduction and client / customer satisfaction. Collaborated with Sales and Marketing management to design and present product services for corporate clients in the Financial and Government industries.
Key Achievements:
 Within a 2 year period, supported customer requirements through PMP (PMI standard) practices. To work towards customer retention to add to and save over $1.2M in monthly revenue.
 Supported cross corporate procurement strategies, policies, and procedures(customers, vendors and contractors)
 CMDB strategies implemented across departments.
 Implementation of four box provisioning strategies, policies and procedures for setting and adhering to SLAs.
John F. Bachota  Page 2

Merrill Lynch sub contractor  Weehawken, New Jersey	2006-2007
Senior Technology Project Manager
Internally recruited to lead the Savvis co-location 10,000 sq.ft. data center build out. To include Managed Hosting servers, external DWDM connectivity and other technologies. Oversaw project construction budget of $2.5M supporting a total budget of over $800M. Coordinated domestic teams and aligned engineering resources into a streamlined, more efficient team in order to meet users and customers needs to achieve business goals.  Communicated with and utilized governance, change management, and product management for enterprise wide computing and trading environments with a focus on total project operating cost reduction.
Key Achievements:
 Managed third party vendors and contracts assuring service levels, product delivery and cost with Savvis, IBM, EMC, Unity, Tishman, AT&T, AboveNet.
 Possess expertise in project management and the IT project life cycle, risk management, and change control.
 Coordinated team members and participated in all aspects of Analysis and Design, Project Specification and Technical Document preparation, Data Modeling and Schema Design and Systems Integration.  Evaluated proposed system changes, identified impacted subsystems.
 Successfully completed implementation and transition projects on time and on budget.
 Identified and implemented process and system enhancements. Initiated, planned, and executed several complex IT projects utilizing PM best practice, resulting in 100% achievement of all key metrics.

JPM Chase / Chase Manhattan								1998-2006
	STO Manager, VP Network Design, Operations Network Management, Project Manager
Oversaw IT network support teams for CHF group leading installation, maintenance, and break/fix for all systems. Managed onsite support staff of 20+ engineers. Administered annual department budget of $2M.  Coordinated Branch network management teams including vendor relations and contract negotiations. Created and implemented Service Level Agreements for business lines and outsourced contracts. Identify, resolve, and implement process improvements leading to increased productivity.
Key Achievements:
          Spearheaded a complex project with team of 20+ staff to identify and mitigate Y2000 network risks for business and branch units. Upgraded and updated network and branch connectivity in 16 months, completed project ahead of schedule and under budget.
          Instituted rapid overall improvements in network quality and service delivery, boosting reputation of the IT group and winning praise and positive feedback from business executives and end users.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
PaineWebber Inc  VP Systems Integration/ Manager, Compliance
Bloomberg, LP  Senior Support Analyst / Managed Network and PC Compliance
American Re-Insurance  Senior Network Analyst

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

AS Telecommunications					DeVry, North Brunswick, NJ
BS Computer Systems Management			Johnson & Wales College, Providence RI
BS Business Education					Johnson & Wales College, Providence RI
AS Data Processing 					Johnson & Wales College, Providence RI

Six Sigma Yellow belt Certification
TQM Certification
ITIL Certification
Studying for PMP / PMI certification
Additional certifications available

ADDITIONAL PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES
Windows Platform Expert  Keynote Speaker
Member, Advisory Board for Novell SFT